Signs "missing" for EGPZ (those signs might have other codes !!)

glyph A6M not found
glyph A6N not found
glyph A64 not found
glyph C2AR not found
glyph C2R not found
glyph C12R not found
glyph C14R not found
glyph C16 not found
glyph D48A not found
glyph D50B not found
glyph D50C not found
glyph D50D not found
glyph D50E not found
glyph D50F not found
glyph D50G not found
glyph D50H not found
glyph D50I not found
glyph D50J not found
glyph D417 not found
glyph D417A not found
glyph D417B not found
glyph D417C not found
glyph D417D not found
glyph D417E not found
glyph D417F not found
glyph D417G not found
glyph D417H not found
glyph E16C not found
glyph E20B not found
glyph E28A not found
glyph E34C not found
glyph F1B not found
glyph F13B not found
glyph F21A not found
glyph F31B not found
glyph F38C not found
glyph F45A not found
glyph F51G not found
glyph F51GV not found
glyph G11A not found
glyph G36A not found
glyph G37A not found
glyph I11A not found
glyph L2A not found
glyph L6A not found
glyph M3G not found
glyph M12C not found
glyph M12D not found
glyph M12E not found
glyph M12F not found
glyph M12G not found
glyph M12H not found
glyph M12I not found
glyph M12J not found
glyph M24B not found
glyph M31D not found
glyph M33C not found
glyph M40D not found
glyph N18B not found
glyph N25A not found
glyph N34B not found
glyph N37B not found
glyph NL1 not found
glyph NL2 not found
glyph NL3 not found
glyph NL4 not found
glyph NL5 not found
glyph NL5A not found
glyph NL6 not found
glyph NL7 not found
glyph NL8 not found
glyph NL9 not found
glyph NL11 not found
glyph NL12 not found
glyph NL13 not found
glyph NL14 not found
glyph NL15 not found
glyph NL16 not found
glyph NL17 not found
glyph NL17A not found
glyph NL18 not found
glyph NL19 not found
glyph NL20 not found
glyph NU1 not found
glyph NU2 not found
glyph NU3 not found
glyph NU4 not found
glyph NU5 not found
glyph NU6 not found
glyph NU7 not found
glyph NU8 not found
glyph NU9 not found
glyph NU10 not found
glyph NU10A not found
glyph NU11 not found
glyph NU11A not found
glyph NU12 not found
glyph NU13 not found
glyph NU14 not found
glyph NU15 not found
glyph NU16 not found
glyph NU17 not found
glyph NU18 not found
glyph NU18A not found
glyph NU19 not found
glyph NU20 not found
glyph NU21 not found
glyph NU22 not found
glyph NU22A not found
glyph O86A not found
glyph O85C not found
glyph O85D not found
glyph O10B not found
glyph O18F not found
glyph O19D not found
glyph O20C not found
glyph O24B not found
glyph O29V not found
glyph O30A not found
glyph O119A not found
glyph O119B not found
glyph O119C not found
glyph O119D not found
glyph O50A not found
glyph O50B not found
glyph P3B not found
glyph R2C not found
glyph R10I not found
glyph R133 not found
glyph S14D not found
glyph S130A not found
glyph S130B not found
glyph S35A not found
glyph T33B not found
glyph T141 not found
glyph U6A not found
glyph U6B not found
glyph U23F not found
glyph U32D not found
glyph V1A not found
glyph V1B not found
glyph V1C not found
glyph V1D not found
glyph V1E not found
glyph V1F not found
glyph V1G not found
glyph V1H not found
glyph V1I not found
glyph V2C not found
glyph V7A not found
glyph V7B not found
glyph V11B not found
glyph V11C not found
glyph V12A not found
glyph V12B not found
glyph V20A not found
glyph V20B not found
glyph V20C not found
glyph V20D not found
glyph V20E not found
glyph V20F not found
glyph V20G not found
glyph V20I not found
glyph V20J not found
glyph V20K not found
glyph V20L not found
glyph V23C not found
glyph V90A not found
glyph V30A not found
glyph V33A not found
glyph V37A not found
glyph V20M not found
glyph V20N not found
glyph W3B not found
glyph W9D not found
glyph W14B not found
glyph W17E not found
glyph W18C not found
glyph W24A not found
glyph X4H not found
glyph X8A not found
glyph Y1V not found
glyph Z2D not found
glyph Z2E not found
glyph Z3B not found
glyph Z5A not found
glyph Z8A not found
glyph Z40 not found
glyph Z41 not found
glyph Z41A not found
glyph Z41B not found
glyph Z41C not found
glyph Z41D not found
glyph Z41E not found
glyph Z41F not found
glyph Z41G not found
glyph Z41H not found
glyph Z41I not found
glyph Z42 not found
glyph Z42A not found
glyph Z42B not found
glyph Z42C not found
glyph Z42D not found
glyph Z42E not found
glyph Z42F not found
glyph Z42G not found
glyph Z42H not found
glyph AA7A not found
glyph AA7B not found
glyph K6B not found
glyph L3U not found
glyph N11VR not found
glyph N11V not found
glyph N12VR not found
glyph N12V not found
glyph NU15A not found
glyph O6E not found
glyph O10C not found
glyph O31V not found
glyph O31VR not found
glyph P8HR not found
glyph R24V not found
glyph T10V not found
glyph T21V not found
glyph V26V not found
glyph V27V not found
glyph W2H not found
glyph Y2V not found
glyph AA11V not found
glyph AA11VA not found
glyph AA32H not found
glyph A512 not found
glyph B7I not found
glyph B7J not found
glyph C175B not found
glyph D7B not found
glyph D24A not found
glyph D36A not found
glyph D129A not found
glyph D218A not found
glyph D223 not found
glyph D280A not found
glyph D363 not found
glyph D364 not found
glyph D418 not found
glyph E100B not found
glyph E100C not found
glyph E295 not found
glyph F41A not found
glyph F51C not found
glyph F51F not found
glyph F130 not found
glyph F163 not found
glyph F163A not found
glyph G14B not found
glyph G23A not found
glyph G24B not found
glyph G225A not found
glyph H2A not found
glyph H6D not found
glyph L7A not found
glyph L12B not found
glyph M32A not found
glyph M43C not found
glyph M43D not found
glyph M139A not found
glyph M248 not found
glyph N5A not found
glyph N5B not found
glyph N6E not found
glyph N16D not found
glyph N23A not found
glyph N23B not found
glyph N31J not found
glyph N36C not found
glyph N40B not found
glyph N63A not found
glyph N71A not found
glyph N145 not found
glyph NL1A not found
glyph NL1B not found
glyph NL1C not found
glyph NL2A not found
glyph NL3A not found
glyph NL3B not found
glyph NL4A not found
glyph NL4B not found
glyph NL4C not found
glyph NL5B not found
glyph NL5C not found
glyph NL6A not found
glyph NL7A not found
glyph NL7B not found
glyph NL7C not found
glyph NL7D not found
glyph NL8A not found
glyph NL8B not found
glyph NL9A not found
glyph NL9B not found
glyph NL11A not found
glyph NL12A not found
glyph NL14A not found
glyph NL15A not found
glyph NL18A not found
glyph NL20A not found
glyph NU1A not found
glyph NU2A not found
glyph NU2B not found
glyph NU2C not found
glyph NU2D not found
glyph NU2E not found
glyph NU6A not found
glyph NU9A not found
glyph NU10B not found
glyph NU10C not found
glyph NU10D not found
glyph NU11B not found
glyph NU12A not found
glyph NU12B not found
glyph NU13A not found
glyph NU14A not found
glyph NU14B not found
glyph NU14C not found
glyph NU16A not found
glyph NU17A not found
glyph NU17B not found
glyph NU17C not found
glyph NU17D not found
glyph NU18B not found
glyph NU21A not found
glyph O15A not found
glyph O31A not found
glyph O31B not found
glyph O44D not found
glyph O49B not found
glyph O246 not found
glyph O289A not found
glyph O354 not found
glyph P2G not found
glyph P4A not found
glyph P4F not found
glyph P4G not found
glyph P5W not found
glyph P57 not found
glyph P60D not found
glyph Q18B not found
glyph R10J not found
glyph R15C not found
glyph R22A not found
glyph R23C not found
glyph R24B not found
glyph R24C not found
glyph R24D not found
glyph R25A not found
glyph R25B not found
glyph R61B not found
glyph S34A not found
glyph S40A not found
glyph S42B not found
glyph T83B not found
glyph T142 not found
glyph T143 not found
glyph U3A not found
glyph U6C not found
glyph U7E not found
glyph U39R not found
glyph U40A not found
glyph U116A not found
glyph V1J not found
glyph V6A not found
glyph V31B not found
glyph V39A not found
glyph V116 not found
glyph W9C not found
glyph W24B not found
glyph W30 not found
glyph W72 not found
glyph X2D not found
glyph Y1A not found
glyph Y1AV not found
glyph Z3C not found
glyph Z6A not found
glyph Z44 not found
glyph Z45 not found
glyph Z46 not found
glyph AA1A not found
glyph AA12V not found